Add pip package builder (#274)
Mstrutov/Desbordante: CMakeLists.txt

cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.10)
project(Desbordante)

> option(BUILD_PIP_PACKAGE "Build package using pip and scikit-build-core" OFF)
> option(COMPILE_BINDINGS "Compile python bindings using pybind11" OFF)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option(BUILD_PIP_PACKAGE "Build Python package using pip and scikit-build-core" OFF)
option(COMPILE_BINDINGS "Compile Python bindings using pybind11" OFF)
```

    set(CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE Debug)
endif(NOT CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE)

if (ASAN AND (COMPILE_BINDINGS OR BUILD_PIP_PACKAGE))
    message(WARNING "Disabling ASAN with python bindings")
    set(ASAN OFF)

> endif()

Reviewer 2: It seems like you're right and adding `LD_PRELOAD=/usr/lib/libasan.so` is enough to make it working. So yes, I agree on replacing the warning instead of disabling ASAN, however, this should be done in a separate PR.

if (COMPILE_TESTS)
    add_subdirectory("lib/googletest")
endif()

set( CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE_COPY "${CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE}" )
set( CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE "Release" )
option(build_static_lib "Build easyloggingpp as a static library" ON)
if (BUILD_PIP_PACKAGE)

>     # EXCLUDE_FROM_ALL is undocumented and used to solve issues with easyloggingpp access rights

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Relies on undocumented behaviour. EXCLUDE_FROM_ALL is used to prevent install commands 
    # inside the easyloggingpp CMakeLists from executing and subsequently failing with a permission error,
    # making it impossible to install the Python package as a normal user.
```
Or something like that.

    add_subdirectory("lib/easyloggingpp" EXCLUDE_FROM_ALL)
else ()
    add_subdirectory("lib/easyloggingpp")
endif ()
set( CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE ${CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE_COPY} )

add_subdirectory("src/core")

if (COMPILE_TESTS)
    add_subdirectory("src/tests")
endif()

if (UNPACK_DATASETS)
    add_subdirectory("datasets")
endif()

add_subdirectory("cfg")

SET(BINDINGS_NAME desbordante)

if (BUILD_PIP_PACKAGE OR COMPILE_BINDINGS)
    add_subdirectory("lib/pybind11")
    file(GLOB_RECURSE sources "src/python_bindings/*.h*" "src/python_bindings/*.cpp*")
    pybind11_add_module(${BINDINGS_NAME} ${sources})
    target_link_libraries(${BINDINGS_NAME} PRIVATE ${CMAKE_PROJECT_NAME}_lib)
endif ()

if (BUILD_PIP_PACKAGE)

>     install(TARGETS ${BINDINGS_NAME} LIBRARY DESTINATION .)

Reviewer: Perhaps it would make sense to have an `ENABLE_PYTHON` option in the main CMakeLists file, and then an `INSTALL_PYTHON` option in `src/python_bindings/CMakeLists.txt`?

Author: There is about zero good documentation for pybind11 + scikit-build-core, so I have no idea how to do this without pain

Reviewer: I did this for you.
